A person , a person who speaks very poorly
with over 20 and today here guys I'm going
teach you how to make a
and is very simple.
You're going to need difference only this.
it was the elevator I will not teach since
Teaching joking
I'm going to teach, for example, the
write that sleeps underneath
So when you have down here, you
will tighten that little button and
jump
there will rise sometimes mean only
I really think tom zé for example for you
make this box on link that what it does
he climbed the block that took it
You'll need iron and that.
No, and you said here, you do one and leave it.
Teams Going to Doing is Excuse
there
There you put it up here and
Ready is don aidone and make a jump
ready your elevator is done
Now I ask you for a sound
like even made its your lift and only
That's what he said.